added migration guide (#16)
kserve/website: docs/admin/migration.md

# Migrating from KFServing

> This doc helps to migrate inference services from `KFServing` to `KServe` in
> near zero downtime. The script installs KServe from latest release version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This doc helps to migrate existing inference services running in the cluster from `KFServing` to `KServe` without downtime. The script installs `KServe` from 0.7 release and deletes your `KFServing` installation after migrating the inference services from `serving.kubeflow.org` to `serving.kserve.io`.
```

### Migration

```bash
    cd hack

>     ./kserve_migration.sh

Reviewer: This is the mode you can run outside of the kube cluster which also requires the permission to all namespaces, I think the better way is what we have discussed to run this as an kubernetes job in `kserve` namespace as that service acount has the proper rbac to operate inference services at cluster scope.

# Migrating from KFServing

> This doc helps to migrate existing inference services running in the cluster from `KFServing` to `KServe` without downtime. The script deletes your `KFServing` installation after migrating the inference services from `serving.kubeflow.org` to `serving.kserve.io`.

Reviewer: Can we add an option if user wants to delete the kfserving install or not after the migration ? also can we check if all the previous inference services are fully migrated before the deletion?
